"dev.for.work."
"1" "Contacting my clients"
"2" "I use desktop computer and Laptop to basically document my tasks or assignments at work, write and read emails. I use My smart phone to read and send emails and SMS, call my colleague making some inquiries"
"3" "Desktop: keeping track of my records  smart phone; learning about my work Google search basic phone; sending and receiving money  acting as calculator and a calendar"
"4" "Excel , powerpoint , google for researching , gmails"
"5" "Writing reports , research , creating digital content"
"6" "sending emails"
"7" "for communicating with company's customers. perform various duties as assigned by my supervisor."
"8" "I use them for making work related phone calls for work related chatting for planning my day to day activities"
"9" "for communicating with my work mates"
"10" "I use them to research for job related tutorials, hints, and information. I use them to communicate with my work colleagues. I do data entry for work. I engage in online continuing education program online"
"11" "emailing , browsing for work-related issues , excel for planning ,reporting , and budgeting"
"12" "Audio / Video meetings over the internet, document production, sending email, sharing information, storing data and files"
"13" "for storing files,to prepare budget,prepare work plans,communication,insant messaging and managing calls."
"14" "Use them to make calls, write and read emails, write reports"
"15" "preparing lessons"
"16" "When I want to send reports  When I want to research on a thing  When I want to find solutions to the problem"
"17" "Communicating, sharing documents or files, reading about others work and giving feedback, virtual meetings. Scheduling tasks - calendar reminders.  Manic time - enables you to keep track of what you've been doing on your computer."
"18" "I use them to plan my work tasks and schedules, talking to my bosses and other coworkers. I also use them to develop my personal websites"
"19" ",Vine,Pinterest,Tumblr,Google docs, he said this research has helped him tobe aware of them and he  has promised to seek and know how they work\""
"20" "I use my phone to find work as a home shelter or worker and through sms with my boss if I get work. Some times I am paid through Tigo cash on my phone."
"21" "Not working"
"22" "Not working"
"23" "Accounting/ financial planing/ budget follow up/ communicating with colleages"
"24" "google yo search for an unknown thing"
"25" "To write emails and prepare my work or to make some research related to my job"
"26" "Desktop computer, assists in keeping records as well as fastening work. Tablet/Smart phone use it for research purposes"
"27" "to make the work process easier by using desktop, laptop,... and their accessibles"
"28" "I have an internet cafe so some of devices I use them in delivering my services, I use  mobile phone in communicating with customers or suppliers,  I have desktops to write and save my documents , printers for printing documents, scanners,  laptop, camera for taking photos also I have CD, flash disks all of this are the devices I use at work in order to satisfy my clients"
"29" "to conduct and processing job related actiivities"
"30" "to communicate with my clients"
"31" "to exchange orders about the job to update as to the company"
"32" "I use them to talk to my superiors at work, managing my tasks at work, talking to my cowokers"
"33" "laptop, desktop computer,mobile phone"
"34" "When I want to organize my works, and when I want to store them softcopies for future use."
"35" "keeping records, communicating with clients.."
"36" "I use my phone for  making communication. am using laptop for making more practice so as to face challenges."
"37" "prepare documents ,to manage my budgets,communicating with people about work related"
"38" "I use my mobile phone when calling my boss, and my coworkers for  the  information regarding the job"
"39" "This participant does not work"
"40" "TO RECEIVE PAYMENTS"
"41" "TO COMMUNICATE WITH MY WORK MATES"
"42" "RECEIVE PAYMENTS"
"43" "download books and notes"
"44" "communicating with others at work using mobile phone or using laptop , whatsApp, and emails and sms"
"45" "to connect with clients tablets to scedule connect with clients keeping track of his work"
"46" "plan my daily activities at work, communicating with my coworkers,bosses and supervisors. communicating with company's clients"
"47" "PHONE-to call clients when I need to sell my products placing orders"
"48" "am using laptop to prepare TV programms,to prepare budget"
"49" "I can call"
"50" "I call my Boss using a phone"
"51" "Doesn't use"
"52" "Surfing and researching"
"53" "To research / learn, to communicate with clients, to market goods and services, and to share ideas on work issues"
"54" "Communication, report writing, work planning, record keeping"
"55" "In case I am doing some work and I am not sure of it, I have to consult on the internet"
"56" "Documenting, exchange orders, to learn from others, communication,..."
"57" "When stuck at the farm call for help call people to help me"
"58" "When am late I call to inform my supervisor"
"59" "I use my phone to call my workmates and supervisor, I use the internet and emails to communicate with fellow workers."
"60" "I do not work and therefore don't use devices for work"
"61" "communicating with workmates"
"62" "to share documents, exchange ideas, filing,.."
"63" "I use laptop when doing my work it helps me to organize my work, planning my work,  reading different things which useful to my job, saving my documents for long and  even during reporting and in presentations use my smartphone when communicating at work or when am far from the work sharing the information."
"64" "As an office machine to carry out activities done in my organization."
"65" "As an office machine."
"66" "by communicating with clients in place of work concerning various issues"
"67" "to find business patner"
"68" "to exchange files, documenting, communication,.."
"69" "to develope websites and to provide system support.... etc"
"70" "to develope website and to organize local entertainment digital media or tool called sodere.com"
"71" "For email - communication, report writing, typing up documents, research"
"72" "Access email using computer and smart phone, take photos of my collections and send to my clients and also post on my wall"
"73" "share documents, communication and advance knowledge"
"74" "Doing research and preparing notes for lessons."
"75" "I use mobile phone transact money transfer for customers and also for communicating with my clients and calculator for business calculations"
"76" "FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES, COMMUNICATION AND PREPARING REPORTS"
"77" "In reporting strategies and keeping files. Budgeting and follow up on customers"
"78" "In reporting Doing work mainly Read and write documents for work SMS and calling fellow workers communicating with clients"
"79" "Mobile Phone Desk Top Laptop"
"80" "In Reporting Reading and revising Reports Writing reports Keeping file reports"
"81" "Reading reports writing reports Sending reports receiving reports Keeping files"
"82" "Desktop for revising and rewriting reports Laptop is used when I have extra work to finish at home"
"83" "Reporting Doing work Reading and writing reports Sending and receiving mails of work related"
"84" "Printing for Clients Photo copying for clients Reading and writing Reports"
"85" "Reporting Making reports Sending and Receiving Emails Marketing products"
"86" "Managing workers Communicating with workers Keeping files"
"87" "Calling co-workers Finding Customers Marketing Products"
"88" "Marketing my Products Finding customers Communicating with employees Communicating with clients"
"89" "Filing, share documents, communication"
"90" "I use phone for communication with staff and any other people in the organization, I use laptop or desktop in my daily work organizing documents, reporting, presentations, data entry and storage,  budgeting and other work plans."
"91" "DO NOT USE DEVICES FOR WORK EXCEPT FOR COMMUNICATION WITH COLLEAGUES."
"92" "Connecting to clients"
"93" "Phone calls, skype, access emails track movements of consignments on we access exchange rates"
"94" "For compiling reports and keeping records"
"95" "For writing reports updating the database of children in the center"
"96" "Sending emails, scheduling, making templates for programming, organizational tools, collaborating with co-workers on projects"
"97" "Word docs, posters, sharing online, email, google drive, sharing documents."
"98" "Email, research, youtube"
"99" "Keep in touch with people in and out of the office (Phone), desktop when I'm at work, calling. Faxing,"
"100" "Creating docs, word, excel, PP"
"101" "Emails, Microsoft word, Excel, Outlook, phone calls, Facebook, Share Files thru Facebook"
"102" "Cellphone to take pictures of programming for reporting, use it to take notes for trainings, reporting, emailing staff, scheduling, planning."
"103" "To advance my knowledge since I am a teacher I have to update myself, to share data, for communication"
"104" "COMMUNICATION, DOCUMENTS PREPARATIONS, REPORT PREPARATIONS"
"105" "FOR MAKING SCHOOL ACTIVITY PROGRAMS AND PREPARING STUDENTS' RECORDS"
"106" "For research"
"107" "shrare photos"
"108" "For email, creating drawings and building plans, keeping records..."
"109" "I use mobile phone for communicating with my coworkers"
"110" "Desktops computer for typing documents ,sending emails, scanning documents and mobile phone for communication."
"111" "For everything I do for work - talking to clients, keeping records, writing reports, submitting reports.. the list is endless.."
"112" "For communication, documentation, and writing reports"
"113" "connect with workers in same feild"
"114" "I use computers to put data in the system, I use laptop to work remotely, I use phone to communicate with other people"
"115" "Sometimes I make phone calls and send SMS messages to other members from the community, especially the ones I work with, to coordinate acquiring and selling goods outside the camp."
"116" "Emailing , whatsapp , and phone calls"
"117" "Emailing - Reporting - Filing - Browsing ..."
"118" "I only use my phone and laptop for fun"
"119" "Using my laptop to work on Autocad, making bills of quantities and schedules using Excel, making reports and cover letters on Ms Word."
"120" "Documentation, communication"
"121" "when I want to prepare budget ,to do my work quickly and to store my files for future use."
"122" "For processing paper work, for communication with clients and co-workers, and for research"
"123" "Email, sharing photos, calendar planning, project development"
"124" "to handle files and documents, for communication"
"125" "to control stock,to prepare budget,"
"126" "for exchanging information, to update on new issues"
"127" "SENDING PROPOSALS ARRANGING MEETINGS AND EVENTS COMMUNICATING WITH WORKMATES"
"128" "taking photos and advertise items on social media"
"129" "when I want to work  with financial transaction  when I want to prepare report or slides presentation for mmeeting"
"130" "Use the Phone and Laptop to send and receive emails, calling, SMS, WhatsApp"
"131" "working on printing and designing,"
"132" "for exchanging orders, for communication, advancing knowledge,.."
"133" "storing files, accessing files, to connect with co-workers, ...."
"134" "talking to other company's employees, plan my duties at work, creating reports,sending and receive information from my superiors and other coworker."
"135" "to exchange documents, information, filing,.."
"136" "for file storage, for communicating with different peoples,for doing basic  works"
"137" "to share information, documenting, communication with coworkers,.."
"138" "For communication purposes, data entry, doing reports and holding meetings"
"139" "exchange emails, share documents, filing, to update knowledge,..."
"140" "Communication, writing reports"
"141" "FOR WRITING UP DOCUMENTS, PRINTING AND COMMUNICATION PURPOSES"
"142" "To create documents and record information to find information  to communicate with colleagues and others"
"143" "Selling items with Picture, taking pictures, watch netflix (while making crafts)"
